119th CONGRESS
1st Session
H. R. ____

IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
[Date]

Mr./Ms. [Your Name] (for himself/herself, Mr./Ms. [Bipartisan Cosponsor 1], Mr./Ms. [Cosponsor 2], and others) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Appropriations

A BILL

To make continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2026 to end the government shutdown, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

This Act may be cited as the “Clean Shutdown Fix Act of 2025.”

SEC. 2. CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2026.

(a) In General.—
The following sums are hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of applicable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agencies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2026, namely:

Such amounts as may be necessary, at a rate for operations not less than the rate provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2025 and under the authority and conditions provided in such Acts, for continuing projects or activities (including the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees) that were conducted in fiscal year 2025 and for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were made available in the Full-Year Continuing Appropriations Act, 2025 (division A of Public Law 119–4).

(b) Duration.—
Appropriations and funds made available under this section shall be available until the earlier of—
(1) the enactment into law of an appropriation for any project or activity provided for in this Act; or
(2) December 19, 2025.

(c) Applicability of Prior Requirements.—
Appropriations and funds made available and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be subject to the requirements and limitations of the appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2025.

(d) No New Policy or Spending.—
No provision of this Act shall be construed to incorporate, authorize, or fund any new project, policy, transfer of funds, or activity not explicitly authorized in fiscal year 2025 appropriations.
All provisions of H.R. 5371 (Engrossed in House, September 19, 2025) that provide new appropriations, transfers, or policy changes are hereby null and void.

SEC. 3. AUTOMATIC EXTENSION OF EXPIRING PROGRAMS.

All authorizations and programs extended under Division C and Division D of H.R. 5371 (as engrossed in the House on September 19, 2025), including but not limited to those under—

Titles I through IV of Division C (Health Extenders);

Division D (Department of Veterans Affairs Extenders);

Title V of Division C (FDA OTC Monograph User Fees); and

Title VI of Division C (No Surprises Act),

shall be continued through December 19, 2025, at the same rate and under the same terms and conditions as provided in fiscal year 2025.

SEC. 4. DISASTER RELIEF AND VETERAN SERVICES.

(a) The rate for operations for “Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund” shall include amounts necessary to carry out response and recovery activities under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.).

(b) Amounts made available for Department of Veterans Affairs programs under sections 303 and 304 of Division D of H.R. 5371 (as engrossed in the House on September 19, 2025) shall continue at the rate for operations provided in fiscal year 2025.

SEC. 5. PAYMENT OF FEDERAL PERSONNEL.

Notwithstanding any other provision of law, all civilian Federal employees and members of the uniformed services shall be paid for the period of the government shutdown beginning October 1, 2025, upon enactment of this Act, in accordance with section 1341(c) of title 31, United States Code.

SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING ACCOUNTABILITY FOR GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWNS.

It is the sense of Congress that any Member who votes against the final passage of this Act should, within 24 hours, publicly disclose to their constituents—through a written statement submitted to the Clerk of the House or Secretary of the Senate and posted on Congress.gov—their reasons for continuing the government shutdown.

SEC. 7. EFFECTIVE DATE.

This Act shall take effect immediately upon enactment.
